RESUMABLE: Allow `max-age` limit to decrease as expected (#3408)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

`max-age`:
: Specifies the remaining lifetime of the upload resource in seconds counted from the generation of the response. After the resource's lifetime is reached, the server might make the upload resource inaccessible and a client SHOULD NOT attempt to access the upload resource as these requests will likely fail. The value is an Integer.

Clients usually discover limits through the `Upload-Limit` header field when the upload resource is created ({{upload-creation}}). Throughout the lifetime of the upload resource, these limits SHOULD NOT change in a way that causes failures for clients adhering to the initially discovered limits. If the client discovers that it cannot continue the upload while adhering to the limits, it SHOULD stop the current request immediately and cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}).

> * Although the values for `max-size` and `max-append-size` can increase without harm, they SHOULD NOT decrease as that can cause ongoing uploads to fail.

Reviewer: The bullets feel a bit naked, we're missing a lead in to give some context. How about something like

```suggestion
The following recommendations for limit changes can minimize the risk of causing upload failures:

* `max-size` and `max-append-size` SHOULD NOT decrease.
```

* The value for `min-append-size` SHOULD NOT increase.

> * The value for `max-age` SHOULD NOT decrease enough to cause the upload resource's lifetime to end sooner.

Reviewer 2: The sentence feels a bit too vague as it allows the value to decrease, but doesn't say exactly what is too much. How about this:

```suggestion
* Between subsequent responses, the end of the upload resource's lifetime as implied by max-age SHOULD NOT decrease by more than the elapsed real time.
```

Author: I see your point, though I think there's a mistake in your phrasing here. Did you mean the `max-age` shouldn't decrease by more than the elapsed real time? The end of the upload resource's lifetime shouldn't decrease at all. Something like this:

```suggestion
* The value for `max-age` SHOULD NOT decrease by more than the elapsed real time since the previous response.
```

Reviewer 2: You're correct, thanks! My proposal should read like this:

```suggestion
* Between subsequent responses, the end of the upload resource's lifetime as implied by max-age SHOULD NOT decrease.
```

Author: Great! Although I think you missed the tick marks around `max-age`. I'll commit this:

```suggestion
* Between subsequent responses, the end of the upload resource's lifetime as implied by `max-age` SHOULD NOT decrease.
```

`max-age`:
: Specifies the remaining lifetime of the upload resource in seconds counted from the generation of the response. After the resource's lifetime is reached, the server might make the upload resource inaccessible and a client SHOULD NOT attempt to access the upload resource as these requests will likely fail. The value is an Integer.

> Clients usually discover limits through the `Upload-Limit` header field when the upload resource is created ({{upload-creation}}). Throughout the lifetime of the upload resource, these limits SHOULD NOT change in a way that causes failures for clients adhering to the initially discovered limits. In particular, whereas the values for `max-size` and `max-append-size` can increase without harm, they SHOULD NOT decrease as they can cause ongoing uploads to fail. Similarly, the value for `min-append-size` SHOULD NOT increase, and the value for `max-age` SHOULD NOT decrease enough to cause the upload resource's lifetime to end sooner. If the client discovers that it cannot continue the upload while adhering to the limits, it SHOULD stop the current request immediately and cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}).

Reviewer 3: Editorial: change to bullets and drop "similarly"
